[Music]
[Applause]
two teams of us will go face to face
making fabulous food for our face and
judges
this intense cook-off to save you on the
edge of suits let's meet the team
theory of the coastal creatures the
Athenians they could up let's hope
they're cooking much as their skill with
rush and Here Come our opponents entry
cooking arena are the bloodthirsty
Spartans Spartans are going to make the
homeless we drain the chickpeas and
rinse them well then step forward in
time and combine them with languages
garlic cumin salt Jamie and water in a
food processor and blend T up a smooth
puree hummus which is a really healthy
unprocess on-the-go snack is a really
good source of carbohydrates curves
providers of energy and help our bodies
break down fats the chickpeas and hummus
our election source of protein
especially for vegans or vegetarians who
don't get their pardon once the mixture
is smooth taste it and add more lemon
juice garlic cumin or salt defeated
carefully turn the finished sauce onto a
plate drizzle with extra virgin olive
oil olive oil is a good choice sir our
bodies need healthy fats for energy
general is being evenly sprinkle paprika
serve with pita bread warm in a moderate
oven for three minutes
garnish with a rainbow or fresh two
balls generally it's a good idea to eat
a diet of rainbow food this helps you to
get all the victim is a newt
you need to stay fit and healthy finally
after hours of preparation the dishes
are done and there's only one thing left
to do and that's to hand it over to our
judgmental judges the most intense taste
test ever let die be cast
[Music]
okay the judges are finished and it's
finally time to announce the overall
winner of kitchen care and the winner is
[Music]
their amazing delicious dish
unfortunately the show ends here see you
next time when we do the show on the
rotten Romans making a healthy salad
farewell my friends by the paraffin
peace
[Music]